Yes, Captain.
Shen Qingyan beat me up when he first came
That's right, forcing us to let him be the boss
He also said that he wants to dominate SM.
Challenge the entire organization
I did. Interesting guy.
Are you two undercover agents sent by him?
How is that possible?
He didn't give us anything.
How can I compare to you, captain?
Take it easy
Even if you are really the undercover agents he sent
You will surely know in the future
Who is the most worthy of trust and follow?
Can Shen Qingyan make you a star?
Can he make you a lot of money?
Captain, I grew up poor
So I know what's important.
That Shen Qingyan
I know how to fight every day
Also said that I dominate SM
So childish
He doesn't know.
When I couldn't even afford a pack of sanitary pads
How am I feeling?